---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---


Group Project Progress
----------------------

##### Report on team project progress - concentrating on your own contributions to the team.  

This week, team Django had three meetings in total, including the one in class. We continued to make good progress on the issue we claimed, culminating in submitting a pull request. Contributions I made were helping to fix the file in question (by getting rid of the hex errors), asking in the [developers mailing list](https://groups.google.com/d/msg/django-developers/oMWLVK5kTpI/1ifD7T5yBwAJ) to clarify one of the questions our group had, updating documentation in the code that corresponded to the changes we were about to make, helping to figure out Django's test suite and successfully running it a few times, reading through Django's format for pull requests and submitting our own. We're hoping for some feedback to see what we need to do next.  

Small Contributions
-------------------

**Total points: 21**  

**This week's contributions:**  

|**#**|**Type**|**Details**|  
|-----|--------|-----------|  
|1|WinFile|Reported issue [#98](https://github.com/Microsoft/winfile/issues/98)|
|2|Google Images Download|Reported issue [#78](https://github.com/hardikvasa/google-images-download/issues/78)|

This week, I browsed through GitHub's Explore page for potential projects. I found an issue in the WinFile (the original Windows File Manager) repo, via a broken link on the README. I then found another issue in the Google Images Download (a command line Python program for searching and bulk downloading Google Images) repo, also in the README, but a typo in this one.  


 
<style>
    table {
        border-collapse:collapse;
        border: 1px solid black;
    }
    th, td {
        border: 1px solid black;
        padding: 10px;
    }
</style>
