---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

Open Source
-----------
##### What do you think about when you hear the term "open source"? 
To me, the term "open source" refers to software that has been worked on collaboratively by the community, and the source code is freely available.  

##### What are some advantages of open vs. closed source?
Open source is free to use, transparent (freely available source code that makes it possible to modify), and the community provides many opportunities to check for bugs and fix them quickly and regularly.

##### What are some potential problems with open source?
Open source can be problematic because without proper leadership, the project might fall apart. Also, some programs might be less user-friendly than the proprietary counterparts, and the extra step of having to search for and install the software may make it less desirable than the already available proprietary software.

Projects
--------
##### List names of four open source projects that you regularly use or that influenced you in some way in the past.
Android, VLC media player, Reddit Enhancement Suite, Mozilla Firefox.

##### Give brief descriptions for each, explain why you use it and what the alternatives might be (note, the projects do not have to be source code based)
Android - an operating system for mobile phones, developed by Google. I use it very often because my phone runs on Android, and alternatives are iOS, Tizen and Windows 10 Mobile.  

VLC media player - a media player that allows for many different media formats. I use it to listen to music, watch movies and tv shows, etc. Alternatives include Media Player Classic Home Cinema and RealPlayer.  

Reddit Enhancement Suite - a browser extension that adds more functionality to Reddit, the link-aggregation and discussion website. I use it to improve my experience with Reddit, like night mode, infinite scrolling and disabling subreddit styles. Alternatives include RedditJS.  

Mozilla Firefox - a web browser. I used to use it regularly to until I moved to Chrome a few years ago. Alternatives include Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge and Opera.

Questions for Tomorrow:
-----------------------
##### Come up with two (or more) questions that you would like to ask Tom Callaway from RedHat when he visits the class next week.
How did RedHat become one of the most successful open source companies?  
How is the company culture of RedHat?  
What skillset is the most valuable when it comes to working in RedHat?  
