---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

Group Project Progress
----------------------

This week started with the good news that we had our pull request accepted and merged! We then regrouped on Tuesday with plans to look for at least one more, so that all members have at least one 'official' commit. We also have one backup plan: to work on updating unit tests for the password list that we submitted to Django. Therefore, Tuesday and Wednesday's meetings have been greatly focused on triaging issues, which has been a problem because Django seems to be in a lull for the past week or so (which was a problem in the beginning for us, so we're not entirely surprised). I also wrote up the meeting's minutes on Wednesday, where we triaged for more issues before deciding to claim one of the issues that we've found from the beginning but weren't too confident about (the Farsi font issue, issue #29122). We also planned what we're going to do until the rest of the semester, notated in Wednesday's minutes. On Friday, we triaged again but we didn't have much luck (Tim Graham, the main contributor, recommended us not to work on the issue that we claimed). I raised a potential issue regarding mentioning that the LICENSE file was under the BSD license, but after looking at other projects that also used the BSD license, we decided not to because most of them didn't mention it either. Shiyang bumped a pull request thread that had been inactive for a few weeks and that may be something that we can potentially work on, but we didn't have much luck other than that. We're going to look for issues on our own, regroup on Sunday and if nothing works out, we'll talk to Professor Klukowska on her Monday office hours. We will also start working on our final presentation.  

Licenses
--------

Django is available under the BSD license, which is listed in its [Github repository](https://github.com/django/django/blob/master/LICENSE).  

Rules established:
- What one can do
	- redistribute and use (in source or binary forms)
	- modify 
	- commercial use (doesn't say that you can't do it)
	- place warranty (doesn't say that you can't do it)
- What is not allowed
	- use Django trademark (without prior permission)
	- hold liable
- What one must do
	- retain copyright notice, list of conditions and disclaimer (for redistributions of source code)
	- retain copyright notice, list of conditions and disclaimer in documentation and other materials included in redistribution (for redistribution in binary form)

I used the [LICENSE file](https://github.com/django/django/blob/master/LICENSE) in Django's repository and the ["Software Licenses in Plain English" website](https://tldrlegal.com/license/bsd-3-clause-license-(revised)) that Professor Klukowska mentioned in class to compile the information. 


Small Contributions
-------------------

**Total points: 21**  
No contributions this week.   
