---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

Reflection on Danna Kelmer's Talk 
---------------------------------

I enjoyed the talk, especially the first half/45 minutes when Danna talked about Google's open source projects and its open source philosophy. I didn't know that Google worked on over 2000 open source projects, although the fact that most projects started internally and then externalized over time wasn't too surprising. Google's belief that "Open is Better" was new to me, personally as a user, it never came across to me that Google realy advertised that policy (other than through the Google Summer of Code, which I knew about). I thought that the question and answer section was also enlightening and helpful.   

##### What do you think about Google's approach to open source?  

I think that Google has a good approach to open source, as shown through the 2000 projects that its employees are currently working on. The 2 day response cycle that Danna mentioned means that the main contributors (Google employees) are dedicated to being active members of the community. In addition, programs such as Google's Summer of Code introduces the concept of open source to younger people, which will help increase awareness in the long run.   

Group Project Progress
---------------------- 

##### Report on team project progress - concentrating on your own contributions to the team.  

This week, our team finally decided to continue working on Django and continued triaging issues. We found that the "easy pickings" labeling system wasn't really enforced and was labeled voluntarily, there were easy tickets (issues) that were available but not labeled as such. We particularly found one that was doable and I claimed it on Wednesday's group meeting.  

On Thursday's class meeting, in addition to Shiyang updating and organizing our team's GitHub project page, we delved further into the issue that we claimed. We split the issue at hand into different tasks (on the project page) that we need to accomplish, and also completed some of them during the meeting. I updated our Django fork so that it's even with the master, and found the file in question that we need to modify (common-passwords.txt.gz). We also searched through the entire repo that referenced the file, to make sure that our change wouldn't crash the entire thing. We also identified several issues/questions that we might ask the community for help.  

The goal is for us to try to write a patch and run Django's test suite on our own (with our different operating systems), and documenting our personal issues/bugs before reconvening and working through them. We're thinking about adding another meeting before Tuesday (it might end up being remote) to push things along quicker.  

Go Community Code of Conduct
----------------------------

##### Explain the benefits of having a code of conduct document for a project. Do you think that other projects would benefit from having such document?   

Any project that involves a lot of people from different backgrounds and locations will benefit from having a code of conduct, because they clearly establish the rules to which every member is subjected to, in terms of presenting themselves as a member of the community. It allows community members to know what the project stands for in terms of conduct and what every member should do. It also helps to clarify and end arguments may they arise, especially to stop them before they go out of hand. It can be easily used as a reference when people are divided and an ethical decision needs to be made.  

For example, most subreddits have a list of rules that all the users must follow, and the moderators always must refer to them when they decide to do things like ban a user or take down a post, which gives the subreddit a reference to always come back to and prevents redditors from revolting and complaining. If subreddits have a code of conduct of sorts, projects which have bigger purposes and goals should also definitely have one.  

##### Does the project that your team is working on have a code of conduct document?  

Yes, Django has a code of conduct: [Link](https://www.djangoproject.com/conduct/)   




Small Contributions
-------------------
 
**Total points: 18**  

**This week's contributions:**  

|**#**|**Type**|**Details**|  
|-----|--------|-----------|  
|1|Karrot|Reported issue [#997](https://github.com/yunity/karrot-frontend/issues/997)| 
|2|Stylish|Reported issue [#330](https://github.com/stylish-userstyles/stylish/issues/330)|

This week, I noticed that on the karrot-frontend GitHub repo, their [LICENSE file](https://github.com/yunity/karrot-frontend/blob/master/LICENSE) was outdated (stated 2017). Karrot is a website for organization of foodsaving groups worldwide. I've browsed through a few open source projects, and one thing I noticed was that some projects updated their licenses every year, so I thought that it was a detail worth mentioning in Karrot's repo.  

I also looked into Stylish's github. Stylish is a browser extension that I personally use, that allows users to install specific userstyles to different websites. I found that in their [README.nd file](https://github.com/stylish-userstyles/stylish/blob/master/README.md), there was a broken link to their transifex page, so I raised it as an issue. However, after further browsing, I noticed that the GitHub repo seems to be semi-dead for a while (there are people actively raising issues, but no pull requests accepted and such), so I'm not sure if this counts as a contribution. I find it a bit odd because the extension is still being updated regularly, so I'm not sure what's going on here.



 
<style>
    table {
        border-collapse:collapse;
        border: 1px solid black;
    }
    th, td {
        border: 1px solid black;
        padding: 10px;
    }
</style>
