---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---


The Cathedral and The Bazaar
----------------------------
##### Explain (in your own words) the difference between software development following the cathedral model and software development following the bazaar model. Which of the two environments would you be more comfortable in?  

Software development following the cathedral model is one that most commercial projects use. Here, the programmers work without the involvement of the public, and releases a complete product to its users. On the other hand, software development following the bazaar model  is the one that is used in the creation of Linux. Here, code is released often, even when it's not 100% complete - there is likely to be many beta versions. There are many people in the project, because anyone can contribute to it, and therefore the software will cater much more to the users' desires. The code is available to the public, which allows a lot more people to check and fix bugs. This is not possible in the cathedral model, and the programmers in charge will have to make sure that everything is bug-free before release.  

I think that the more structural form of the cathedral model would be more comfortable to me, because I think that with less people controlling over the software, the product will not sway from its original purpose. As there are less people, there will be less arguments and the project will move on more smoothly. I also think that working in the bazaar model requires a lot of moderation in order for the project to work, due to the number of people working on it. In addition, if the software requires personal or sensitive information (such as the tax program discussed in class), using one produced by a few people feels safer rather than one produced by much more.  

##### *The Cathedral and The Bazaar* essay has 19 "lessons"; pick two that you found most interesting, intriguing, telling, or that you simply liked; quote them in your blog and try to explain what they supposed to mean.  

*#3 “Plan to throw one away; you will, anyhow.” (Fred Brooks, “The Mythical Man-Month”, Chapter 11)*  

This quote refers to the fact that when you're trying something new with your software, you will most likely be working with the unknown, so be prepared to write a solution that doesn't work. It'll be alright, because the second time you'll know what doesn't work and that's one step closer to the correct answer. It basically tells you not to fear failure, and expect it, because it's all in the process. 

*#12 Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong.*  

This lesson means that sometimes, the problem is incorrect, not the solution. This quote goes hand in hand with the previous one, because it may be that once you "throw one away", you'll see that your solution isn't the wrong thing, it's your problem. By reframing it, you might find a better solution. It also tells you not to fear failure, as it's all part of the process. In this case, having a bazaar model might be more beneficial because if there are more eyes on your code, there is a higher chance of someone else picking up on the fact that your problem is wrong and the correct way to frame it. 





