---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

Questions for Danna Kelmer
--------------------------

1. How does Google decide which projects to open-source or not? How does the process work, from starting a project from scratch, developing it, deciding to open source it, and the aftermath? 

2. Are there projects that were meant to be open-sourced by Google but then it was decided otherwise? Why did it happen?  

3. Besides working on Google open source projects, are you also contributing on non-Google open source projects? Do you have favourites?  

Group Project Progress
----------------------

[Link to this week's meeting minutes](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/django-team/blob/master/minutes/minutes-2018-03-28.md)  

Team Django has been continuing to look at Django tickets that seem doable and triaging them. We did find a few, but none that we could definitely solve right there and then. We also have been looking into potential alternative projects, but we need to decide as a group whether to stay with Django or switch.   

I have been writing up the minutes to every group meeting and this week, I looked up transifex.com for some projects that we can help in the form of translation/localization. Django seemed to be out of reach because it's a big project that has many contributors who already translated all the languages that we can help with, but there are a few alternatives that we can do, such as Karrot. Personally over the weekend, I also found that Mozilla needs help translating their support documentation as well.   



Small Contributions
-------------------
 
**Total points: 16**  

**This week's contributions:**  

|**#**|**Type**|**Details**|  
|-----|--------|-----------|  
|1|OpenDefinition|Reported issue [#179](https://github.com/okfn/opendefinition/issues/179)| 

This week, I noticed that on the Open Definition website that we discussed in class, in the "The Open Definition In Your Language" section, all languages are written in their own language except for "Indonesian", which is an English word. I thought that replacing it with "Bahasa Indonesia" would be more appropriate, so I reported it as an issue on the website's [GitHub repo](https://github.com/okfn/opendefinition). I was pleasantly surprised as it was addressed by the main contributor, Mike Linksvayer, who immediately [added and merged the commit](https://github.com/okfn/opendefinition/pull/180) within 10 minutes of me commenting.  

I also added contributions.md to the repo. 

<style>
    table {
        border-collapse:collapse;
        border: 1px solid black;
    }
    th, td {
        border: 1px solid black;
        padding: 10px;
    }
</style>
