---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

Last Week
---------

##### For the last week blogs I would like you to reflect on the course as a whole (what you learned, what you wished you had learned). If you could remove one thing from the course, what would it be? If you could add one thing to the course, what would it be?

- I learnt that the open source community is multifaceted and has many different aspects, and I learnt to be hands on with the community itself and interacting with the people, getting both pleasant and not-as-pleasant responses. 
- I really liked the talks by professionals in the industry, because they gave their own perspectives. 
- I think that the small contributions requirement was very helpful in making me explore new communities and contributing, no matter how small. I also really enjoyed contributing to Wikipedia and OpenStreetMaps, and will continue to do so after the class ends.
- I think that CodeTriage wasn't as helpful as I thought it would be, because most of the issues that were given I wasn't familiar with (or not familiar with the codebase at all), which hindered me from making informed decisions.
- I really enjoyed writing blog posts every week, because it gives the class structure and reminds me of what I've done so far. 
- I think that I should've chosen better Open Data Week events, in order to get more out of the experience. Maybe in the future, the students should only go to panels or something more specific, because the exhibition was mostly solitary and I didn't get to interact with other people in the community.
- I wish that I could've interacted with more open source communities, and learn more out of them. 
- I think that the big group project could've been started earlier, so that more significant progress could've been possible. However, other teams had a lot done in a short amount of time so it might just be our bad luck. 
- I think that the lectures were helpful, some more than others - the one about git and linux bash scripts were less interesting than the ones about HFOSS and licenses, which were new things.
- If I could remove one thing from the course, it'd be the class about git commands, because I think that at this point in our major, we should have learnt that at some point. 
- I thought that the midterm was fair in difficulty, but there were a lot of questions which made time an issue. If I could add one thing to the course, I'd make it so that we can type our answers.
